Contribution model (#879)
primer/components: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_component_proposal_template.md

- [ ] Assistance requested in finalizing design

### Component API
Optional: If you have an idea of the intended component structure, please describe here. This can include what props will be available, if there will be any nested components or subcomponents, how this component might interact with other components, any Hooks that will need to be built, etc.

### Use cases
Describe where the component will be used

## Implementation
Please describe how you would like this component to be built. Design systems is happy to help with the implementation of new components (as time/roadmap allows) but also recognizes that sometimes feature teams prefer to implement components themselves.

- [ ] Feature team would like to implement this component
- [ ] Feature team would like the Design Systems team to implement this component
- [ ] This component is already built, feature team requests assistance moving it to Primer React Components from outside application
- [ ] Other: (please describe below)

## Timeline

Please describe any deadlines or context around prioritization that would be helpful for us to use when building our roadmap.

#### What to expect next

> A Design Systems engineer will read through your component proposal and get in touch! We'll gather any additional information needed and set up a Zoom call only if necessary. Once we have all relevant information, we'll add the component to our [Primer React Components Roadmap](https://github.com/primer/components/projects/3). If you opt to build the component yourself, we are happy to help with pairing, brainstorming, etc. Generally, component work requested from internal feature teams receives higher priority over general (non-requested) improvements to the framework.s

Author: ```suggestion
A Design Systems engineer will read through your component proposal and get in touch! We'll gather any additional information needed and set up a Zoom call only if necessary. Once we have all relevant information, we'll add the component to our [Primer React Components Roadmap](https://github.com/primer/components/projects/3). If you opt to build the component yourself, we are happy to help with pairing, brainstorming, etc. Generally, component work requested from internal feature teams receives higher priority over general (non-requested) improvements to the library.
```
